# bl_incremental
An incremental game based on Borderlands 2.....or at least it will be if I get it finished

<b>A mission statement of sorts.</b>

I've been playing incremental games for a while now after falling in love with Cookie Clicker a year or two ago. Sometime last year I also discovered Realm Grinder by Divine Games, this added so much more to the usual incremental/idle/clicker games, you kept unlocking new content the further you got into the game, and they're still adding new content now. It was this game and the mecahnics/maths behind many of it's features which really got me thinking about making my own incremental game. The main problem I had was that my creativity when it comes to writing and naming things is pretty much non existent, so I put off trying to make it. Eventually I decided that instead of trying to come up with my own ideas and never actually get anywhere, I would use an already existing world that I love, that of the Borderlands game franchise. This is obviously not any kind of official thing, and I really hope there are no objections from Gearbox (I'll be posting a link to this on their forums when I have something to show), but it'll actually give me something to base the story and graphical style on and actually be able to concentrate on the coding itself. I have a whole load of ideas for game mechanics I'd like to implement into the game, many of which aren't fully formed yet and it'll certainly be a while before I get anything past the very basic mechanics working. I'll try to keep a todo/idea file in this repository and add any new ideas or partial ideas as I come up with them. 

This will also be an excuse for me to finally start learning Action Script as well. I'm aware I'm VERY late to the game on this one, and that I would probably be better off writing it in Javascript instead, but this is the way I chose to do it so I'm going to stick with it, lol. 

This readme has become a bit of a rambling mess, as many of my written explanations do, so I'm going to leave it here and possibly update this later. 
